Documentation Update (#358)
spica-engine/spica: docs/content/guide/user-activities.md

## User Activity Logs

> User Activity module gives you access to control each passport identities' activity logs. You can filter actrivity logs by identity, action type, module, date or even document id. In a standart build of Spica, you can see all user activies without any time limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User Activity module gives you access to control each passport identities' activity logs. You can filter activity logs by identity, action type, module, date, or even document id. In a standard build of Spica, you can see all user activities without any time limitation.
```

> > IMPORTANT: Because of no time limit on user acitivity logs, we suggest you to clear user activities in a time interval. Otherwise you should consider your server hardwares to use Spica instance with hight performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> HINT: Because of no time limit on user activity logs, we suggest you clear user activities in a time interval. To accomplish this, you can create a function that clears the activity collection on a regular basis by using the **Schedule** trigger.
```

> To list all Spica users' activity, simply navigate to **Primary** -> **User Activities**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all Spica user's activity, simply navigate to **Primary** -> **User Activities**
```

Author: I am referring to multiple users.
